
Over the past year, a man by the name of Andrew Tate has risen to the peak of social media fame and has become one of the most - if not the most - polarizing figures since the start of the social media era. A former 4-time kickboxing world champion and professional chess player, Andrew's name has been google searched in recent months more than Kim Kardashian or Donald Trump's, and the reason for this is none other than personal branding. Known as "Top G" or "The Cobra" across the internet, Andrew and his brother Tristan (also commonly referred to as the Tate brothers) have joined the social media movement empowering young men to embrace their manhood and their unique roles in society. Another proponent of this movement is world-reknown author and psychologist, Jordan Peterson. 

Andrew Tate took social media by a storm as soon as the Tik-Tok revolution began. Short 20-60 second clips of him speaking during podcasts and other long format videos and get posted to Tik-Tok and other media platforms such as Instagram and Youtube. The reason he believes he became so popular so fast is that young men across the world in the past 20 years have been being attacked by the changing culture and forced to become feminine in nature. Tate combats this and has become the spokes person for the youth, standing up against the modern progressive movement targeting men. He also boasts a lifestyle that most men desire including owning numerous hyper cars, private jets, huge houses, and hanging out with beautiful women.  He markets his lifestyle or at least level of joy has something all men can obtain as long as they follow his teachings and potentially sign up for his online courses teaching business, life, and investment strategies. 

I believe Andrew has achieved everything he has wanted to in his life and is now wanting to give back to the world. He views "giving back" as helping others, so-called, "escape the matrix". He believes that the governmental and societal system is built to keep the common man down and slaving away so the rich can have power and control. He wants to teach people how to escape this system, take the "red pill", and discover the real world. Surprisingly, millions have bought into this and follow Andrew and all of his principles as closely as one would follow a religion. He has amassed a cult following unlike any we have seen in history, and the fear is that he is inspiring millions of youth to become rebellious and violent. This is in fact the reason for his recent banning from all social media platforms. However, he has switched to Rumble and is now getting more views than he ever even got on Youtube or Tik-Tok. It would seem that the tech giants have failed to stop him, and his following continues to grow larger and larger by the day. Some of things he says could be potentially dangerous to young minds, but then again, what on social media isn't dangerous to young minds. 