The problem that M.T. Desk presented was very clear and understandable, and their solution was very thorough yet simply stated. It was clear which subsystem each team member worked on, and this information was presented in a concise and to-the-point manner.  All practical and technical design constraints were articulated well and thorough. They made contextual sense, given the nature of the product, and there were plenty of them. There may not have been any particular constraints that were emphasized more than others. It seemed that each constraints held the same level of importance when presented by the team and visible in the slided. The industry standards presented were logical and worked well with the product. They were explained articulately and were easy to understand as well. When it comes to the approach, this was the only part that I particularly had a problem with. In M.T. Desk's tradeoff analysis on many of their components, I did not feel that enough research was done. It seemed as if for each component, there was a stand out and obvious winner because the other two or three did not even remotely meet the requirements. I felt that they could have found some competitor products that were much better in terms of merit than the ones they did. It was evident that when the team presented their progress, they were beginning implementation and had, for the most part, moved past the planning phase. They were beginning construction on the table legs and working and developing software for face tracking. 

The material of their slide show was exceptionally organized. I felt M.T. Desks content was the best part of their presentation as it was simple, aesthetic, and dense at the same time. All necessary parts were in order as well. An intro was present, followed by a problem/solution statement, a design overview, constraints, approach, conclusion, timeline progress, etc. The next best thing M.T. Desk did was their presentational skills. Each member did an excellent job speaking and it was very easy to understand everyone. They did not seem nervous or shy. They were confident in their product and had clearly practiced a lot. They finished within the desired time frame, and everyone shared words equally it seemed. Transitions between team members were not to abrasive either. 

Brandon Black
Brandon did a fantastic job. I felt that he was one of the best on the team in terms of articulation and enthusiasm. He did not stare at the slides too much, and his posture was respectful but not layed back. He seemed to make good eye contact with the instructors as well.

Eric Toups
Eric was a good presenter. He was enthusiastic and a smooth talker. There was maybe one time that he got a little shaky in his voice, so for that reason I would not put him in Brandon's league. It seemed that had the most content to share as well though, so that could have something to do with it (more room for error). Other than that, he posture could of slightly been improved, but his eye contact and wording of his sentences were spot on.

Andrew Donald
Andrew was my favorite for this presentation. He had the most complex parts of the presentation to present, and even still, he made it sound simple, understandable, and clear. I could tell that he practiced a lot and knew exactly what he was planning on saying for all of his parts. His posture could have been slightly less slouched, but we are engineers after all, not navy seals. His eye contact could use a little improvement, but all in all, he did well with it.

Jeffery Greer
I felt Jeffery was the least impressive member on the team simply do to his more soft spoken approach. He had one of the larger parts, in terms of content, but he did not seem as into the product as the other team members. Other than his level of enthusiasm, he was articulate with the content and presented in a clear manner. Which is the most important thing to do in engineering! And he did it well. He could work on his posture a little bit to seem less laid back, and he needed to look away from the slides and to his audience more often.

Grant Case
Grant seemed to be a little on the lower end in terms of content volume. With the content that he did have, it was more administrative, so it did not require him to go as in depth as the other guys. Nevertheless, I think he did a great job with what he had and was one of the more personable and eloquent speakers on the team. His eye contact and posture were both spot on, and I think he did an overall good job. 


https://design.ece.msstate.edu/

