1. What attracts me most to IBM probably goes back to the kind of person I am and have become over my recent technical working years. Like many, I was raised to work hard, everything you do, you do it all the way. That 100% kind of mentality. I always made As in school, trained hard in sports, worked my butt off at work, but the one thing that was always lacking was passion. I never found anything throughout my education that I thought I could do the rest of my life and actually enjoy it. It wasn't until my first internship in college and joining a research team that I learned what true programming and software development were all about. The ability to solve real, modern, interesting problems at 1000 fold the speed of the brain intrigued me like nothing else. Building user-friendly applications that were powerful and efficient, yet well written and readable at the same time. Learning about modern deep learning architectures and the future of AI in almost every industry. These are the things I fell in love with. Having seen both sides of the coin, engineering because it payed well, vs engineering because it excites you, I knew which one I was and which industry I wanted to be apart of. Since, I have grown to be attracted to companies that are constantly evolving, working with the latest tech and methodolgies on a daily basis. I love the idea of working in an environment that is competitive, cutting edge, and fast-paced, Where performing well matters, where making mistakes matters, where internal growth in skill and knowledge is pushed and encouraged. IBM attracts me because I believe it represents the precision and quality that I have striven for my whole life, but more than that, I believe the company represents passion. Pushing the limits of tech not just because someone is paying them to, but because every employee and engineer there wants to see problems solved and the world changed. From my research into IBM, I have learned that the company values innovation and vision, and I would love nothing more than to be apart of making that vision reality. 

# TEMP


2. Early on in my first internship, I was assigned a task by a senior developer working on the same team as me. The task was to rearchitect one of the main processes of the application we were working on. It would involve rewriting the process so that it solved a major bug, but also made it more robust clean efficient. Asking very few questions, I told him I could get it done and I began working on it. I soon to came to realize that the task was a lot bigger than I had anticipated and I began digging deeper and deeper, knowing that I could not complete what he had tasked me with without a much more thorough understanding of the codebase. A lot  of time passed at this point, a lot more than I was planning on, and I finally felt I knew what was going on well enough to actually begin thinking more about approach and implementation. Keep in mind that I was not only brand new to the application but brand new to large-scale software development in general. As I began planning my approach, I realized that was more than one way to accomplish to the task. In fact, I really did not even know what precisely the task was anymore. Remember? I did not ask him very many questions because I wanted to impress him and get it done on my own. Here came my decision, I could either man up and go back to him and ask him to reclarify what and how he wanted me to accomplish this, or I could go with my gut, used what I learned to make changes that I thought would solve the problem and that he would like. Having minimal information, I chose the latter option. So without saying word, I began coding up my solution. And unfortunately, it took me way longer than I thought it was as well. So now I am 3 days into this thing, and have not asked another question since he first gave me the assignment. I finally wrap it up, clean up the code, test it a few times, see that it fixes the bug, and I send him my branch name so that he can check it out. Who would guess it, it was not what he was looking for. Because of my ego and my desire to impress, I ended up making the complete opposite impression. The result was me going up to his office, him showing me what he preferred me to do and that what I did did in fact work but was ultimately not at all what he was going for. 


# 2

Here recently in my last internship, I was working on a team with about 6 devs on it. This particular team was over one of our divisions core projects, and in this particular instance, I was working a small add on application. Almost 25% of the code in my application was actually from another very similar app within the project. The team was not worried about code reuse in this certain situation, and it gave me a good head start on the app. I worked on the application for about a week and a half, tested it thorougly, cleaned up the code, and got it ready for review. As far as the project was concerned, the app functioned exactly how it was supposed to, and it was as efficient as it needed to be. I put it up to the remote server for merge request, we were using GitLab at the time and this was the standard protocol. I expected the usual few comments from each team member, to change some stylistic things here and there, possibly a few suggestions on potential flaws or performance increase, but one of the guys, to put it simply, did not like A LOT about the app. The team lead approved it immediately with a few comments on style, and the other 3 members approved it shortly after with their own minor suggestions. This developer I am talking about reviewed it last and he was very thorough. Which I can appreciate and even admire to an extent, and normally, under typical circumstances, I would have considered his suggestions, studied them, and implemented them. But heres the kicker, Remember how I said 25% of the code was pulled from a similar app, well. Most, if not all, of his comments were linked to that 25% of the code. Which I did not write. Because my immediate contact who assigned me this app was my mentor in a way, I messaged him and asked him how I should respond to this situation. Interestly, my mentor was the one who wrote the borrowed code, and he told me the same reviewer made the same suggestions on his merge request a while back, and he chose to ignore them. He told me my app worked as expected, everything met his and the lead's standard, and that the other reviewer should not be pushing his developer preferences onto me. He also said that there were bigger things that I needed to work on and couldnt waiste my time making "unnecessary" changes, so to ignore the suggestions and go ahead and merge (afterall they were just suggestions). So I was faced with a decision to make, I did not know exactly how an intern should handle these situations. I did not know how the developer would react to me ignoring his comments, and I was missing information, not really fully understanding how his code suggestions were advantageous, but I also did not want to disrespect my mentor by not following his direction. Not having clear guidance, I had to make the best decision I could and do what I felt was right. I decided to message the dev directly and talk it over with him. After I explained the situation, he explained his reasoning behind his comments and was still gung ho on his changes, so we came to a compromise. We agreed that I would merge the applicatin as is into the main branch that day, and at a later date (not pushing it off too long), implement SOME agreed upon changes. Although my mentor said he would not have done the same, I did not feel I was in the position do what he wanted me to do. Everything smoothed over, and I was able to make changes in between working on other things, and I got them pushed into the main branch relatively soon, and no one was disrespected in the process.

# 3
 Throughout my internship terms, I worked with two different teams on two different projects. The teams were usually mid-sized, 5-10 people. To make sure that I worked well with the team,  communication was the number one priority. I constantly checked team chats and email because Missing messages from team members, especially team leads, for any significant amount of time can have seriously negative effects on team progress. Another thing I had to do was constantly check for code updates to the main branch, as someone elses changes could conflict with the ones that I was currently making or seeing them could at least necessitate a change in the direction I was currently headed. Catching these potential issues early can save a lot of time down the road, instead of potentially delaying team milestones. Not only was it important to constantly pull code from the main branch but also frequently merge my own code in. The longer code is held onto, the more likely it is to create conflicts, and the harder it is for other team members to review. Both of these teams that I worked on also had daily meetings to discuss direction and progress. I made sure to always give thorough progress updates so that no one was in the dark about the status of my work. Making sure the team lead is always up to date on everyone's progress is also important because it determines how they plan future steps in the project. In addition to team wide meetings, it was also important for me to meet on video calls and/or chat with developers I was working directly with. On the days where all the team members were in the office together, I would also make sure to offer any help verbally if I heard someone running into issues that I had already run into. When everyone is in person, on occasion, it did seem that obstacles were hurdled much quicker and sometimes even avoided. When I worked on both teams, SPRINT goals seemed to be met on time very often and overarching projects were completed on time as well. A specific scenario within these teams was when I worked directly with a senior developer to develop/expand the AI systems for a primary project. It was just him and I collaborating on it, and I was over the classification side, while he was over the regression side. We constantly were finding bugs in the system, letting eachother no about them, and working together to debug them. We would report training issues, performance updates, and new ideas very often. This role required probably the most communication of any role in my internship. The result was a well functioning, more-robust, AI system by the end of summer.

