After a thorough review of your paper, I have found there to be many more positives than negatives. Starting with your introductory paragraph, I felt that it precisely defined your product, in its entirety, without being overly specific. After a single read-through, I had a firm understanding of the physical and abstract components of Package Safe. Your ending sentence referring to the products constraint compliance did a great job of introducing the reader to the main idea of the following tables and descriptions. The only thing that I believe I could possibly nit-pick would be your statement about the camera and GPS being used to enhance security (especially GPS; I do not know how this would work). Could you possibly expand (slightly) on how each of these devices will enhance said security?  Going on to your technical constraints, I appreciate the shear volume of constraints you have listed. It is clear that you spent a lot of time making sure you covered every corner here. Your grammar in your descriptions appears to be clear and concise, and I have no comments on the structure or layout of this section (spacing and bolding looks good). I do, however, have a few suggestions concerning the content of a few constraints. I see that you plan on using WIFI for communication between the container and the app; how did you chose 30 meters (perhaps provide some sort of average home-to-mailbox range)? I am also concerned that your GPS accuracy may not be accurate...20 meters is well above the average accuracy for satellite coordinate systems. I suggest maybe looking into this more and sourcing a more accurate value. Another issue I found was your constraint for storing photos up to '7 days'. Perhaps consider a more a memory-based value here. Given that the amount of images is dependent on 'movement' (highlighted in previous constraint), there could be tens of thousands of images taken in a 7 day period that there is not enough on-device storage to hold (something like 4 GB or 5000 photos would be better). My final and biggest critique with the technical constraints is your mentioning of facial recognition. The use of this term is invalid here as the camera would be detecting the PRECENSE of human faces, not recognizing human faces. Facial recognition would not be possible as you do not have a database of human face from your entire area and there may be legal restrictions with that. This is a deep-learning computer vision task which also requires an AI engineering standard. 

Concerning your practical constraints, I did not have any issues with your content. It seems solid and well sourced. I felt that your 'type' and 'name' in your table were well-worded and descriptive. Your descriptions were thorough and left me without any unanswered questions as well. 

For your engineering standards, my only comment is the same one that I made above. You should add something about the AI that you will be using to detect human faces and take photographs (that you will store and could cause legal issues). 

No comments on your reference page. Looks neat and seems to meet IEEE standard. 

Overall, you guys did a great job with your references throughout the documents, everything is very well written, the structure is organized and attractive, and I think you guys have a fantastic product idea. Just look into my suggestions on your technical content, and that is pretty much it. Great Job!

P.S. I liked your direction pointing paragraphs before and after each table.