
### Comments
Roles
All team members created their own UML diagrams, sequence and class model. Designated team members combined everyone's efforts for final UML deliverables that we all reviewed and additionally made improvements to. 
- Helder assumed a leadership role, assisting with task assignment and deadlines, and scheduling meetings. He developed the code for our class Pokemon, wrote unit tests to ensure our methods worked properly, and sufficiently reviewed code in our pull requests. He also greatly contributed to team design discussions, providing helpful advice from many years in commercial software development.
- Eric worked on the classes CommandProcessor, PokemonGame, and Battle. He also periodically brought up good concerns from Ed discussions and office hours that contributed to the improvement of our project. He contributed to group discussions and spoke up when he felt he did not understand something. 
- Michael developed the class PokemonStatus which is responsible for the shouldAttack() logic. He also was our designated team member for the Sequence diagram deliverable. He studied sequence diagrams and provided good insight into the nuances of them. He contributed to group discussions well and provided useful perspectives from his own experience in industry software development. 
- Cord developed the classes for our internal pokemon, children of the class Pokemon (Bulbasaur, Charmander, Pikachu, Squirtle). He seemed to be less experienced than most on the team, but he worked hard to get up to speed and complete his own tasks. 
- I developed the code for the PokemonFactory, ReflectionUtils, IDynamicallyLoadedPokemonContract, responsible for the safe, dynamic creation and use of reflected pokemon instances. I also was the designated team member for the final Class model deliverable. I additionally refined and made corrections to the Class model and Sequence diagrams as new information came to light later in the project. I also reviewed code and tried to ensure "consistency of ideas" across our project, bringing up potential misunderstandings/disagreements and helping to sort them out so we were all in agreement. I brought my own years of software experience to the table that I believed contributed to the overall quality of our submitted code, although having to compromise on some design decisions here and there. 

Overall, I believe our team does as good of a job collaborating and getting along as most teams I have worked with through school and in my career. There are some disagreements here and there about design, naming conventions, etc., but that is an expected, good characteristic of successful software teams. 
