Okay now lets go over the most recent experience bullet points, and update them, before we have you add them into my latex resume. After this, we will do the same for the skills, consolidte, and add into latex.

Software Design Engineer
1. Really only work with the logical clocking running mode of the microservices
2. I helped engineer, not necessarily solely engineered
3. Primary focus here is the code, not so much cmake/build process (although cmake was instrumental in bringing in onnx runtime as a third party)
4. I have not technically implemented advanced synchronization solutions through IPCs. My synchronization management was done between the running python RL algorithm training/stepping and the embedded service (into the rl process through bindings so technically the rl component is also the service, we make a logical distinction) which is connected to the full distributed system and logical time, so as you can see this can pretty complicated with waiting on observation gathering, action injection, reward calculation, all before we go to the next step each time in the python rl side, and through the causal relationship between service time frame completion and simulation time advancing, you can see how we can sync everything up. Now on the other hand, I have done plenty of work on other fronts with enhancing comms of our distributed system through the implementation of flatbuffers into our custom UDP synchronous inter-service protocol. And also have worked with pub/sub because many of our services communicate asyncrounously as well and are event-based. So that kind of stuff needs to perhaps be a separate bullet. I want to effectively communicate that I have this experience in a complex distributed system making sure it is performant and bug free. Although it is hard to give the data recorder singleton that is integratable into any microservice that I mentioned its own bullet, perhaps it could and be generalized into microservice utility libraries that I maintain and both event-based and time-driven ability of my data recorder.
5. I prefer this entirely: Expanded simulation capabilities with C++ plugins for AFSIM, introducing custom instrumentation of
scenario data and specialized sensor modeling to better inform RL policies without altering core simulation
integrity.
5. Try not to quote specific names, as viewers of this resume don't care or know what it is. You could call this a service allocation framework instead of using the explicit name.
6. As far as my devops contributions go, I also created a lot of the python environment setup and build functionality that we have. We chose python as it is a cross platform script solution (over bash and batch) that comprises our python environment setup for running the rl and compiling the c++ python bindings, as well as initiating our c++ cmake build process through python. (course none of this needs to be mentioned explicitly but just to give you knowledge to make an accurate summarization of my devops contributions)
7. Perhaps something else that I am forgetting to put down? Maybe the data 

Intern:
    Most of this looks good

Undergraduate research:
1. I would like to somehow include that this is the time that I did all my ai and neural network studying research that gave me my foundation. We researched and utilized lstms to train predictive models, and we wrote data gathering tools to interface directly with the fiber optic sensing hardware and gather raw data that we then to analyze. So make sure we show this in these bullet points along with my other bullets of GAN work/study and transfer learning.