- [ ] data files have a group ID? I assume the script was made to add group IDs to data collected using something other than mimic_data_gathering.py
- [ ] why are time varying known reals and lstm layers the options for the test matrix, why not other options?
- [ ] why are rMsl features not being used as known reals right now?
- [ ] why are some of the endgame features different through the timestamps
- [ ] we should not be using all of the endgame variables as unknown reals, the target is included as an unknown real because it will be treated as one during inferencing. During training, it will undergo teacher forcing. 
- [ ] Remember, the use of `group_id` is essentially to differentiate between separate entities within your data, or to group together certain sequences based on shared characteristics. If such differentiation or grouping isn't relevant to your problem, then you wouldn't need to use `group_id`. By not using `group_ids`, you're essentially telling the model not to look for inter-group patterns, but to focus on learning from the time-series data of each trajectory independently. In practical terms, if you are using TFT and you choose not to use `group_ids`, you can set this parameter to the name of a column that is constant or does not differentiate between samples (essentially treating all data as belonging to one group). This will allow the model to focus on time-series patterns without distinguishing between different groups or categories within the data.
- [ ] Is this data setup properly at all? The entire sequence is fed into the tft for one training sample. You are to tell the tft what each variable type is because it needs to know what variables its trying to predict (target fed into decoder), how to preprocess and gating use (unknown vs known, time-variant vs static, real vs categorical). I do not think we have any knowns other time_idx. Everything else is unknown including the target. The encoder and decoder length of the model is then used to tell the tft how much of the data to use for input (lookback, sequence length), and how much to use for output (how far into future, sequence length). 