So throughout toolbox, shutdown is usually an action that is not intended to be reversed. I could be wrong, but that is what I remember. As threads are often times created in a constructor, and then they cannot be recreated once they are shutdown and joined (because its a singleton). Well, with the design that this class seems to be trying to implement, the thread is created inside of the INITIALIZE (not the constructor). For that case, it seems to me the intention could be suited for a reversible shutdown. So you can turn on and turn off the threadtask object as needed without constructing a brand new one. So right now it is almost like the class has conflicting abilities, because due to the state check and the use of future promise currently, shutdown is actually irreversible.
Here is what I would suggest:

    Decide if you want a reversible shutdown or not.
    If you do want a reversible shutdown, than I would suggest reworking the current initialize and shutdown to allow it. Probably never go into shutdown state, and just call it uninitialized (almost like a reset). And do not store the promise on the class, rather make a new one every time in initialize().
    If you decide that you do not want it to be reversible, than I would suggest putting the thread creation in the constructor rather than the initialize. Then use you future promise, and it will it ensure that by the time the object is instantiated at all, it is ready to go, using start and stop functions to temporarily start and pause the worker thread. Then shutdown will join the worker thread, and the object will not longer be functionable. This design is more so the design with a singleton like DataRecorder. I know I want the thread for the entire lifecycle. So I don't want the class to ever be in a state where the thread is not ready to go.

