Hey guys! Overall, I think you did a great job with your pitch deck. It appears you covered all the bases and presented your product clearly and concisely. I especially appreciated the white minimalist styling of the deck. I think company culture/style is important and this pitch deck specifically represents the marketed product and focus of the team well (simple, clean, and aesthetic). It appears all of your slides are uniform, following the same pattern throughout (font size, color scheme, and graphics) which is also great. I also thought the graphics were excellently chosen, accurately related to the topic of each slide. Some teams added explanations to their graphics, but you guys chose not to. I think this was a good move because given the simplicity of your product and photos, it does not seem necessary to explain to the audience what is occurring in each image. Now, I have a little bit of constructive feedback for you guys. First, the name of your product is accurate and true to the solution, but it is not catchy/enticing to customers. I would suggest that you guys should come up with a more unique and creative name that customers will always remember. Secondly, it seemed to me that your solution slide might be slightly too wordy. Perhaps instead of listing all of the features/specifications of the desk, you guys could keep it simple with just the overarching solution to the problem previously mentioned. Plus, I see that on your competitors slide, you chose to list the downfalls of your competitors. Perhaps you could move some of your smaller specifications from your solutions slide, like portability, to the competitors slide instead. Another potential concern of mine was that your marketing slide does not actually list any potential marketing strategies. It seems that both your competitors slide and marking slide focus on why your product is worth buying, which seems repetitive. Perhaps consider just using the competitors slide for this end. My final note is that your references slide should have the bracket-number symbol at the front of each line instead of bullet points. The instructors flagged our team for this as well. As for your verbal presentation, I thought you guys did a fantastic job. I did not notice any script reading, and everyone's words were clear and understandable. I specifically liked how you guys added a conclusion to the end of your presentation. Our team did not think to do this. If I am to get really nit-picky, all I could suggest is that you guys could sound a little more enthusiastic and confident in your product, especially in the problem and solution slide (perhaps talk with a little more pep). Of course, I think most teams, including us, had an issue with this. Other than that, I enjoyed reviewing the pitch, and I really like the product. Great job and keep up the good work!